---
layout: post
title: "ReVISit v2.0: New Features and Improvements"
authors:
  - lex
  - harrison
---

It's the start of a new year and we're excited to announce the release of reVISit v2.0 — just in time for your Vis 2025 submissions! We've been working hard to bring you a new and improved version of reVISit, and we can't wait for you to try it out.

There are a lot of new features in this release, so let's dive in and take a look at what's new:

### New Features

- **Vega and Vega-Lite Support**: We've added compatibility for Vega and Vega-Lite visualizations, so you can now include these types of visualizations in your studies, leveraging the power of the reVISit platform. This opens up a whole new world of possibilities for the types of studies you can create.
- **Think-aloud Protocol**: We've added support for the think-aloud protocol, so you can now capture participants' verbalizations as they interact with your study. This is a great way to gain insight into participants' thought processes and decision-making strategies and represents our latest effort to support qualitative research in reVISit. (LINK TO ZACH'S PAPER)
- **Participant Replay**: We've enabled participant replays, so you can now replay the interactions of participants in your studies during analysis. This is a great way to see how participants are interacting with your study.
- **Libraries**: We've added support for libraries, so you can now leverage prebuilt study components to create your own studies. Libraries are a great way to save time and effort when creating studies, as you can reuse components that have already been created by others. You can also share your own components with the community by creating your own library and submitting a pull request.
- **reVISit-py**: We've added a new Python package, `reVISit-py`, that allows you to interact with reVISit programmatically. You can use it to generate study configurations and review your generated studies all from the comfort of your warmest jupyter notebook. Check out the [documentation](/revisit-py/) to learn more about how to use it.
- **Improved User Interface**: We've redesigned the user interface to make it more intuitive and user-friendly. You'll find it much more pleasant to use, with a cleaner and more modern look.

These new features represent 6 months of work and 